on behalf of the entire US army
recruiting command and our families
Theriault died along with the commands
are major mrs. tangel and Clemens want
to welcome you recruiting duty is a very
challenging and rewarding assignment the
work we do is a command is crucial to
the Manning of the army ultimately the
security of our nation no one knows that
more the dedicated members of our team a
caliber a soldier that is selected to
represent the US Army as ambassadors
within the communities of our future
soldiers is among the best the army has
to offer since our command is
geographically dispersed in thousands of
communities across this nation as well
as overseas odds are soldiers and their
families are located in a remote area
miles away from the nearest military
installation this can present challenges
but rest assured that although you are
not surrounded by hundreds of army
families you are not alone the US Army
Recruiting Command soldier and Family
Assistance Program or s fat is designed
to support all recruiters and their
families but the most impact is made on
those who are displaced from the
resources of a military installation
they have grown accustomed to the video
you are about to watch will provide you
with a wealth of information on the
services and support that are available
to you we believe the key to a
successful team is a balance between
work and quality home life there are
many resources available to make your
time and you surrender the gloves of
work your knees are we have a team of
Tech's person we have your best interest
at heart your brigade of Italian s behb
team can assist you in areas such as
relocation assistance housing try cure
by me advocacy sharp exception coming
members program information and referral
additionally i have set up a direct
access phone line to take your issues
concerns or good ideas i ask that you
give your battalion team a chance to
resolve any issues you may have first
but all else fails you can call and
leave a detailed message remember my
staff will get back with you within two
working days we've set up an interactive
customer evaluation or ice program which
you may be accustomed to from using
facilities on military installations we
hope you'll use the ice program to
provide feedback on the services we are
providing as well as suggestions for
improvement we are unique in both our
mission as well as our position about
soldiers and their families we expect a
lot from our recruiters and as such our
recruiters and their families deserve
world-class support this video will
provide you with the tools and resources
needed to receive the support who are
custom to from a military installation
recruiting command soldier and Family
Assistance Program is designed for the
recruiter who is displaced from the
resources of a military installation the
program strives to make life in any
community as smooth as possible for
recruiters and their families the
program is made up of several different
services each of which is designed to
provide specific resources for
recruiters and their families the user
ex older and family assistant staff
coordinates essential social health and
family related services soldier and
Family Assistance Programs mission is to
provide support to use erect soldiers
and family members by providing services
normally found at an installation by ACS
personnel and TRICARE advisors of
medical treatment facilities family
advocacy program managers are full-time
civilian employees at the brigade level
only these managers provide spouse abuse
prevention education and training in
addition to coordinating case management
and follow-up for child abuse incidents
the exceptional family member program
efmp is a comprehensive approach to
providing community support housing
medical educational and other services
to families with special needs program
enrollment is mandatory and assists in
the assignment process enrollment into
the EFM program will not adversely
affect a soldier's career the EFMP
system navigator coordinates outreach
support and case management for the
soldiers with exceptional family members
the navigator and soldier and Family
Assistance Program managers work closely
to coordinate referrals to military
state and federal agencies each user
accra gate has one dedicated systems
navigators
the Family Readiness Group FRG is there
to assist unit commanders in enhancing
family support family readiness group
leaders service the commanders
designated representative to the Family
Readiness Group the FRG leader
coordinates all actions of the FRG
requiring support from the unit and
disseminates official accurate
information from the command to families
the virtual Family Readiness Group the
FRG replicates the major elements of the
Family Readiness Group in a virtual
context sexual assault response
coordinators Sark's manage the sexual
harassment assault response and
Prevention sharp program and provide
sexual assault and sexual harassment
prevention education training coordinate
case management and follow-up for all
incidents of sexual assault and sexual
harassment by soldiers reports of sexual
harassment from civilian personnel are
handled by the EEO representative at
yuasa red quarters victim advocates are
assigned to each brigade in battalion
and receive guidance from the brigade
sark they assist victims of sexual
assault with reporting options and
continued care they also assist the SAR
quick prevention and education programs
another aspect of soldier and Family
Assistance Program is the military
family life consultant or in flac and
the personal financial counselor PFC
each brigade has two in flac PFC teams
designed the military family life
consultants possess a master's degree or
PhD in a middle
filled this non medical support is aimed
at preventing the development or
exacerbation of mental health conditions
that may detract for military and Family
Readiness the personal financial
counselors are certified licensed
financial consultants that provide
financial readiness education and
training as well as one-on-one
individualized financial assistance yes
eric is a geographically dispersed
command and utilizes many multimedia
resources and technologies to
communicate educate and coordinate for
soldier and Family Support some of these
technology resources include the video
classroom server VCS video
teleconferencing vtc defense connect
online DCO teleconferencing SharePoint
virtual Family Readiness Group the FRG
use Zurich s fab website and others this
technology enables you serac to ensure
delivery of quality of life programs and
services yes erect phallus trong
resource guide was developed through the
efforts of you sir rex senior spouses
and soldier and Family Assistance branch
this guide provides relocation
information and is a tool used to
familiarize soldiers and families with
the recruiting command
the guide combines a myriad of
information and resources pertaining to
the specific operation and family
support functions within music it
provides an avenue to enhance resiliency
and self-sufficiency within the user egg
family it is an easily accessible tool
via the user egg and spam website
we hope you now have a better
understanding of you sir x family
programs and support available to all
soldiers and family members these
programs are vital to the quality of
life of our soldiers and their families
these programs work best when everyone
gets involved if possible please
consider volunteering a little of your
time to make it successful again welcome
to the command welcome to the community
and welcome to the family that is user
wreck